recap movies this movie tells about a
russian superhero who has a mission to
save a russian city from enemy threats
titled the guardians 2017. during the
world war the soviet union conducted
experiments to produce the strongest
weapon they did the same experiment with
four people humans with different super
powers anyone can count stone controller
bear man fast power
when the second world war was over at a
secret russian military base they're
trying to destroy robots the robot only
remotely controlled can destroy anything
quickly but the destroyer robot lost
control the robot program has an error
the robot destroyed the tanks and
helicopters that were nearby the
location of the military headquarters
did not escape fire the person inside
the military base was also killed his
headquarters destroyed all blown up
suddenly a large man appeared in the
middle of the chaos apparently what he
had taken over and he just went from
there taking the robots
surprisingly the robot followed him in a
place where the russian military
headquarters the higher-ups are holding
a big meeting discuss about the event
and what is the solution to overcome it
the meeting was chaired by major general
nikolai dalgov
know that the one who destroyed their
base was professor august karate major
general nikolai doglov told that it was
during the world war
named patriots it was one of the soviet
union's secret genetic projects about
the power of energy
to control the machine remotely but the
experiment failed there was a professor
named victor golbanov with genetic
experiments on humans
professor karatev had destroyed and
stolen the results of victor golbanov's
research to conduct his own genetic
research
he was caught by the soviet government
for the theft in the kurotov's crazy
research
when he was about to be arrested he
attempted suicide by placing a time bomb
on his lap instead of dying when the
bomb exploded
instead he turned into a monster
chemical compounds that are released
even change the genetic structure of the
body so that it changes
carotid can also control the engine
remotely he took all the battle cars and
other combat equipment also karate
easily controls the destroyer robot from
the secret military base
due to kurtov's unparalleled strength
major general nikolai dalgad this then
asked major major larina to look for the
results of professor golemanov's
experiments first
the so-called guardian then major larina
ordered to trace geradian's whereabouts
to stay now
so that they can unite together to help
fight the monster kurata
from the secret patriot headquarters
general golmanov has brought major
lorena there to lead the patriot program
to find and form a team
the team is called guardians even though
it was difficult to trace the
whereabouts of the guardians
the advanced technology that is there is
trying to continue to search for the
whereabouts of the guardian's living
they finally found one of the guardians
in one of the remote villages of the
armenian region a man is praying
after a long time he prayed it turned
out that major lorena had arrived a long
time ago and was waiting in the hiding
place
mirror lorena also introduces herself
that she is now in charge of patriots
headquarters larina found out what name
this was lure heard the word patriot he
got emotional and then he showed his
stone controlling power and bullied
major lorena into leaving the place
major lorena immediately said that the
purpose of her visit was to cooperate
against the curator professor who was
threatening their country
ler was surprised because the villain
karate is still alive and he wants to
cooperate
in a region of kazakhstan there is a man
with a long sickle
his name is khan he was sitting there
relaxing he wants to face a group of
mafia who are coming to him
with slow motion style he immediately
took out the sickle suddenly his eyes
also turned white with his super
strength he immediately split a car mr
mafia boss was split he killed all the
mafia mafia then unexpectedly lure had
arrived there he came there to invite
her to join the fight against karate
because he has the same grudge he agrees
to lure's invitation
then in the region of siberia to be
precise in the wilderness
soldiers again surrounded a hut they
slipped into the place it's actually a
person in it when one of them was about
to open the door
suddenly a fierce bear man appeared his
name is asus knowing that it was his old
friends who came asus immediately turned
back into a human
then in the russian city of moscow there
is an action kayak show
seen there is a beautiful woman who
wants to do a jump in the pool
her name is xenia when you want to enter
the fishpond suddenly his body
disappeared when he wanted to rise to
the surface
gracefully he reappeared the people
there were amazed by his skills when
xenia was in the dressing room it turned
out that in the room khan and the others
reflexively he immediately attacked khan
likewise when lur's presence he also
immediately attacked him finally the
fight was stopped by the ursus and told
them they were his old friends and ursus
invited him to go with them
ursus said they knew him he's still
confused in trying to remember them
in a laboratory it turned out that
karate was again creating an army to
destroy the earth
he waited half a century for it
at patriots headquarters xenia tells the
story of her forgetting her memory
he decided to join who knows by helping
out on the mission
dr xenia said that her memory over time
it will recover on its own
his skin he can regulate the temperature
so he can not feel cold and hot
then general goldof came informing him
that if he managed to track down
kurotov's whereabouts he could change
places so they had to get there right
away
and this is the guardian's first mission
while at his headquarters they see the
situation the place turned out to be
heavily guarded by karate s troops
signal is lost and communication lines
they were cut off without a command from
the center
they went on the mission themselves
ursus had turned into a bear and had
already attacked the army ler and khan
had also fought with kurotov's army
lure and khan had also fought with
kurotov's troops khan easily used a
sword to quickly kill the guard while
lure turns destroyer and crushes his
opponent
then from the side of ursus they were
shot with net bullets
khan continued to battle against them
lure also he managed to kill the guard
due to the entrapment of the ursus rope
turned into a human form
khan was also exposed to xenia
anesthesia apparently also turned into
ice cubes because he was caught
so the three of them have already
disabled the troops only lur survived
immediately visited by the karate
the two of them immediately fought but
very easily lure was beaten to a pulp by
karate
after being gathered into one the four
of them were made somewhere by karate
they were ordered to join him to rule
the earth
after being gathered together the four
of them were locked up somewhere by
karate
they were ordered to join him in ruling
the earth and have fun with him they
refused kurotov's invitation then he
gave 24 hours to think again and wanted
to join him
and he's already made his own army and
he was sure that the four of them would
join him then he left
then he controls a robotic tank car and
he goes to attack moscow city
the city of moscow was destroyed and the
military forces were unable to stop the
attack
then larina and her troops then secretly
went to kurotov's headquarters
elsewhere karatev carried out the
removal of a russian satellite tower to
be placed in a taller building at his
headquarters
it turns out that major general nikolai
dalgov has the intention of taking over
the russian government
general goldof is claiming his promise
to karata he immediately strangled his
neck to death after killing him karatev
immediately continued his mission
can take lure to patriot base he said he
just fainted because of what karate did
to him
larina who was waiting for lure who was
in the process of being treated was then
told that professor gobin was still
alive and he wanted to see him
it turns out he went to patriot
headquarters to help them fight the
curators
because the country is in a state of
danger
he learns of the existence of the
carotid simulator's secret laboratory
and where xenia and the others are
locked up
he also helped treat lure who was
seriously injured major laurena and her
troops immediately came to that place
and finally she found the other
guardians
while karate succeeded in erecting
towers on tall buildings russia was
running a program to run satellite
weapons in outer space
while uranus said he regretted being a
guardian he wanted to be a normal human
again
because there's no way he can beat
karate
ursus then went and said goodbye to
lorena
professor gobin was able to enter
kurotov's laboratory he was surprised
that karate knew of his whereabouts he
wanted to thwart kurotov's project then
with his power he thwarted by destroying
the place and lock him up he said then
he just left
karatev runs a program to build
satellite weapons in outer space one of
them is a former world war these are
medals of machines that exist all over
the world hammer is heading for earth
created by president reagan on a star
wars mission its firepower can destroy
the earth and is now controlled by
karate
the thing was actually turned off in the
eighties so it floats like an orbit
karatev will not stop accessing the
hammer and if karate succeeds he can
control all the machines on earth if you
go to the federation building the height
is 300 meters which is closest to the
tower where the karate is located
air force troops then try to destroy the
satellite tower it turns out that the
tower is protected by destroying robots
and there is also a strong shield in the
tower
so that it cannot be destroyed from
outside the air force fails to carry out
a mission to learn from previous
failures
major lorena then didn't make special
clothes for the guardians it was created
to protect and help strengthen the
superpowers of the guardians
ursus can get automatic cannons that can
shoot enemies immediately if someone
threatens him khan got bullets knives
and stun arrows meanwhile ler gets an
electromagnetic whip to amplify his
attack
while xenia can disappear at any time
the guardians quickly learned to adapt
to the new weapon and they were ready to
attack kurotov's base
while karatev is still focused on
speeding up controlling the space
satellite
before leaving they held a meeting first
to divide their respective tasks
so that the mission goes well they only
need one hour because karate is building
and controlling the satellite
before he helped defend his tower
against their attacks
after arriving at the destination urasis
and xenia were tasked with attacking
outside the building
if lure is in the subway section of the
parking lot while khan at the top of the
building by driving a plane to get to
the top of the building
when xenia who was in a corner was shot
by the destroying robot protecting her
then uarsus then turned into a bear and
killed the destroyer robot army with an
automatic weapon on his back
after the robots are downstairs and
their guard troops then head to the top
floor using the elevator
after the robots are downstairs and
their guard troops then head to the top
floor using the elevator
after successfully climbing to the top
of the building they waited for the khan
who had not yet come down from the plane
meanwhile khan has yet to make a landing
on the building because the plane he was
traveling in was constantly being shot
at by the destroying robot
because they lived a little longer the
three of them immediately decided to go
to the tower where karate was carrying
out his mission program
they crossed by a pipeline path to the
tower's energy station
with a side weapon he then attacked the
enemy troops by cutting the bridge pole
using his double side
and then he can land perfectly
major lorena is trying to find the
professor who has been captured by the
curator
after being found he explains that
karate cannot be destroyed
finally the guardians together entered
the tower's generating room where
kurinov carried out his mission
with the power of disappearing xenia
easily attacks the troops inside without
being noticed by the enemy
then xenia was desperate to even
sacrifice herself to turn off the
generator
by holding the power source xenia seems
to be weak from holding that energy
urasis immediately tried to release
xenia from the voltage source pulled his
body and they both fell and went limp
the generator was finally removed
because it was used for protection from
outside attacks
after the generator voltage goes out
everyone at patriot's hq is rejoicing
karate then came to his senses because
of the disturbance he hastened control
of his satellite
the guardians then attacked karatev with
all their might but it turns out that
kurotov's strength is greater and they
are easily defeated
feeling pressed he threw his gun and
rope into the plane
khan quickly then tied them with the
rope of his shirt and they are
automatically pulled by planes that come
across the building
karate did not remain silent he
immediately controlled the plane with
his strength so that the plane crashed
khan realized this then cut the ropes to
the plane and made them fall into the
river
military people also fired missiles at
the building with ease he used to
control the missile
after the guardian survived by plunging
into the river then lure even planned to
return to the building again
luckily major larina forbid it he comes
to them and he tells them that the
information obtained from professor
lobonov's unification of energy forces
can defeat karate
they then held each other and lurk
created energy from his hands
with all the ability and energy that
they have they make a very large power
the energy waves are directly aimed at
the satellite tower building where
karate is carrying out his mission
the building was immediately destroyed
and the tower was also destroyed karatev
could not dodge and in the end he died
along with the building
after the guardian's mission is complete
the guardians decided to separate and
live their own lives finally the movie
ended